hello you dear welcome to
I show you my recipes today
we need our salad first
If I respect him please be careful
your big and a little bit thick
they are the best for it
suitable
the aubergines are grilled
Actually, I'm not there at the moment
can separate
he'll be at 250 degrees in the morning
oven about 30 to 45 minutes
in addition we need one more
onion I cut it small
half point parsley too small
cut two peppers I have
then grilled on the hand then cut
You can either use the paprika
Eggplant two peppers with red peppers
barbecue but the skin goes to the
paprika is bad but it works
even to buy grilled peppers
then you can not have that from me
then so
Support is taken then needed
we have a tomato that I have too small
cut juice of half a lemon
salt remains flickr and olive oil
As you can see , eggplants are already
grilled and now you can just the
skin off
so now you can get the eggplants
just cut all the pieces
Now I go all the ingredients to the
machines so here i have
juice of half a lemon of olive oil
salt leaf paprika and mix
let out
so the salt are experiencing we eat
very much like eggplant salad
especially when we grill there is always
eggplant paprika peppers and onions
and tomatoes are given on the grill and
then we'll salad with that hope that
recipe do not like you stay tuned
turn off now my kitchen come
tips and say goodbye now
until the next video